com/lyapunov/tetris/blocks/OShape.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.blocks.OShape
com/lyapunov/tetris/databinding/ActivityHighscoreBinding.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.databinding.ActivityHighscoreBinding
com/lyapunov/tetris/blocks/ZShape.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.blocks.ZShape
com/lyapunov/tetris/game/RotationHandler.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.game.RotationHandler
com/lyapunov/tetris/blocks/JShape.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.blocks.JShape
com/lyapunov/tetris/database/ScoreDao_Impl.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.database.ScoreDao_Impl
 com.lyapunov.tetris.database.ScoreDao_Impl$1
 com.lyapunov.tetris.database.ScoreDao_Impl$2
 com.lyapunov.tetris.database.ScoreDao_Impl$3
 com.lyapunov.tetris.database.ScoreDao_Impl$4
 com.lyapunov.tetris.database.ScoreDao_Impl$5
com/lyapunov/tetris/game/ScoreCounter.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.game.ScoreCounter
com/lyapunov/tetris/blocks/SShape.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.blocks.SShape
com/lyapunov/tetris/game/LevelCounter.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.game.LevelCounter
com/lyapunov/tetris/databinding/ActivityStartBinding.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.databinding.ActivityStartBinding
com/lyapunov/tetris/blocks/LShape.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.blocks.LShape
com/lyapunov/tetris/BuildConfig.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.BuildConfig
com/lyapunov/tetris/game/Board.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.game.Board
com/lyapunov/tetris/blocks/IShape.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.blocks.IShape
com/lyapunov/tetris/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/lyapunov/tetris/game/Game.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.game.Game
 com.lyapunov.tetris.game.Game$1
com/lyapunov/tetris/databinding/HighscoreItemBinding.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.databinding.HighscoreItemBinding
com/lyapunov/tetris/blocks/Shape.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.blocks.Shape
com/lyapunov/tetris/game/BlockFactory.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.game.BlockFactory
com/lyapunov/tetris/databinding/ActivityInfoBinding.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.databinding.ActivityInfoBinding
com/lyapunov/tetris/blocks/TShape.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.blocks.TShape
com/lyapunov/tetris/database/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.database.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.lyapunov.tetris.database.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/lyapunov/tetris/game/GameObserver.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.game.GameObserver
com/lyapunov/tetris/game/BlockGenerator.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.game.BlockGenerator
com/lyapunov/tetris/databinding/ActivitySettingBinding.java
 com.lyapunov.tetris.databinding.ActivitySettingBinding
